I've never been to a place like this.
I'm so hungry.
I've never seen a woman like her.
Oh, you're here.
I'll be right there.
Right, right, right, right, right.
Have very, very good manners He did his best
Well, looks like it entãoend
But don't be out of line if everyone is here
I'm watching you from the front.
I'll tell you when you come.
Then you'll go to the front.
Then I'll watch you.
I'm here, I'm here.
I'm here.
No, no, no.
The old woman is coming.
No, the old woman is coming.
I'm not going to die in the city.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I know your face.
I'll watch you.
What are you talking about?
Just do it like this.
I'm watching you.
The old woman is coming.
I'm waiting for you on the front.
She's waiting for you.
She's waiting.
The season is beginning.
The water should be in the well right now.
I'll go to the market later.
What? You're going to the market?
I'm not going to the market. I'm going to buy black clothes.
I'm going to buy clothes for women.
What did you say?
I'm going to buy clothes for women in my house.
I don't understand what you're saying.
You're a man. You don't understand.
I'm going to give you a bottle of water.
I'm going to wait for the spicy one.
Spicy?
Do you want the spicy one?
I think so.
You don't understand.
I don't understand.
I'm going to ask the officer.
Is that so?
Yes.
The officer of the house is a man.
No, I'm not saying I'm a man.
I'm a child.
I'm a man.
Do you have a plate?
No.
I'm going to buy it.
I'm going to buy a coat.
I'm going to tell him.
Where are you from?
I'm from Hiroshima.
I'm going to be back soon.
I bought a coat.
It's a red coat, isn't it?
It's red.
A hat?
Do you have a hat?
I have it in my mother's hand.